Add notes to migration guide about the config file (#387)
enviodev/docs: docs/HyperIndex/migration-guide-v1-v2.md

### Configuration

- There is no async-mode anymore, so you can remove `isAsync: true` from each of the events in your `config.yaml`.

> - This is no more 'required_entities' in the config file. This includes subfields such as `label` and `arrayLabels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is no more 'required_entities' in the config file. This includes sub-fields such as `label` and `arrayLabels`.
```

});
```

### 7. Config File Changes

Before:
```yaml
contracts:
  - name: Greeter
    sameRandomFieldThatIsntPartOfSchema: true
    handler: src/EventHandlers.ts
    events:
      - event: Greet(address indexed recipient, string greeting)
        isAsync: true
        requiredEntities:
          - name: User
            label: recipient
          - name: Greetings
            arrayLabels: previousGreetings
```

After:
```yaml
contracts:
  - name: Greeter
    handler: src/EventHandlers.ts

>     sameRandomFieldThatIsntPartOfSchema: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
